This was drafted by wamps and I like it:

Mod and IK Code of Conduct

Welcome, new mod and/or IK! Here at Bread and Roses, we are all about creating a welcoming atmosphere for our community members to post. We recommend you take a quick read of our vision/mission statement to make sure we’re all on the same page when it comes to our forum’s goals.

Below are some common Dos and Don’ts

Do:

    Communicate with your user base! “Community policing” should be the model we strive for, not to be all powerful mods that strike down from on high with our judgements. We encourage you to post in the forums/subforums that you moderate and be accountable to the posters therein.
    Stay in touch with fellow mods. Whether you have questions about a forums issue or just to check in and report all is well every now and then. Don’t be a stranger!
    Check in on your forum/subforum regularly. However, we understand real life takes priority and if you need to step away for a while, we just ask you contact another mod to let them know of your absence.
    Use positive reinforcement. The best way to encourage good posting is to notice it when it happens and praise the poster for making such a good post. Try to be funny/creative with your praise, this will encourage more posters to post good!
    Have fun! Do things like fun mod contests to encourage content. If posters want funny/wacky probations or punishments, feel free to oblige them. At the end of the day, this is all about enjoying our time together online, and we want moderating to be a fun and enjoyable experience for you as well.


Don’t:

    Tolerate bigotry in any form. The paradox of tolerance has been solved, Nazi punks fuck off.
    Be afraid to probate both sides of a heated argument. If you can’t determine (or don’t want to determine) who is right and who is wrong, feel free to give all posters involved a time out, particularly if they are stealing the focus of a thread.
    Play favorites. We realize you are human and are biased towards liking certain people and disliking others, but try to be unbiased when it comes to moderation action.
    Use moderator powers to settle personal scores. Don’t probate or ban people just for disagreeing with you on a topic (unless that topic is something like “How much of a racist am I allowed to be?”)
    Lurk on shitty Nazi discords and try to play Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (The No PPJs rule)

